Boundary Docs (#2911)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/deploy/self-managed/install.mdx

layout: docs
page_title: Install Boundary
description: >-
 Install a self-managed version of Boundary on Ubuntu/Debian, CentOS/RHEL, or Amazon Linux using the HashiCorp package manager, or manually install the binary and configure the service yourself.
# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2025-11-18T17:04:41-05:00
last_modified: 2026-01-26T13:07:13-05:00
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

# Install Boundary using a package manager

> Installing Boundary from the HashiCorp Linux Repository sets up the Boundary binary, a systemd service unit, and a dedicated `boundary` system user — everything you need to run Boundary as a managed service on Ubuntu/Debian, CentOS/RHEL, or Amazon Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing Boundary from the HashiCorp Linux Repository sets up the Boundary binary, a systemd service unit, and a dedicated `boundary` system user.
You can install the Boundary binary using a package manager, or manually install the binary and configure the Boundary service.
```

> You can install the Boundary binary using a package manager, or manually install the binary and configure the Boundary service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Added this to the paragraph above.
